[Doc] Update dataset_prepare & inference (#2798)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: docs/en/user_guides/3_inference.md

`MMSegInferencer` must be initialized from a `model`, which can be a model name or a `Config` even a path of config file.
The model names can be found in models' metafile, like one model name of maskformer is `maskformer_r50-d32_8xb2-160k_ade20k-512x512`, and if input model name and the weights of the model will be download automatically. Below are other input parameters:

- weights (str, optional) -  Path to the checkpoint. If it is not specified and model is a model name of metafile, the weights will be loaded from metafile. Defaults to None.
- classes (list, optional) - Input classes for result rendering, as the prediction of segmentation model is a segment map with label indices, `classes` is a list which includes items responding to the label indices. If classes is not defined, visualizer will take `cityscapes` classes by default. Defaults to None.

> - palette (list, optional) - Input palette for result rendering, which is a list of color palette responding to the classes. If palette is not defined, visualizer will take `cityscapes` palette by default. Defaults to None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- palette (list, optional) - Input palette for result rendering, which is a list of colors corresponding to the classes. If the palette is not defined, the visualizer will take the palette of `cityscapes` by default. Defaults to None.
```
